# Why the Growth Mindset Matters
- The growth mindset matters because it allows a person to understand that their emotional intelligence and ability to understand a subject can grow, and not stay stagnant. This is important because it can make someone feel like they are making progress and not dig them selves in a mental hole of not being able to complete a task because of the way they are. Rather, You can always improve and you are not limited by your intelligence, but how much work you put in.
  # Assess your emotional intelligence. If you have done it in the past, now you can identify the areas you have grown in recently.
  - I would say that my emotional intelligence is a lot more sturdy since joining ops101 The projects have definetely helped me learn how to relieve stress or resolve conflicts in a constructive way to keep pushing forward. I feel a lot more efficient in dealing with conflicts in a group now.

# Assess your biases. If you have done it in the past, now you can identify the areas you have grown in recently.
- I would say I am pretty inclusive when it comes to my biases. I have had fortunate and unfortunate events happen to me, some of them during this course, but I will not let them stop me from getting the career that I want. I will say that I will always need to work on taking accountability for how my actions will effect others, but that is something I always have on my mind. I feel like that has gotten a lot better since my teenage years, and I feel confident in that aspect of my life, but not over confident since that would lead to even more bias. 
    
